like to ask you a question have you
tried all these other programs have you
really played piano by ear
if you have then you don't necessarily
need this click but if you haven't you
reach the right spot all right I'm
speaking to all you beginners here we
have a program here it's called my any
q's exist Robertson a key music system
and I want to teach you how to master
the art to play the gap by here contrary
to a lot of things you see playing by
ear is a gift but at the same time it
can be taught playing by ear is just
literally duplicating what you hear now
the reason why I believe that I can
guarantee that everybody can learn piano
by ear is because everybody can hear
something and identify whether they're
singing it or whether you're just
hearing it instrumentally so I got good
news for you you already know how to
play by ear but you need to be taught
how to understand the language that's
why the any communiqués system is just
for you now I want you to take my word
for it I'm gonna want you to take yours
all right so I'm not gonna try to
impress you with my plane however if
you'd like me to play some songs you can
definitely comment or email me and I'll
definitely upload some songs with me
playing you can name the song and I
should be able to do it for you but if
you want to learn how to play I want you
to try some of my program I want you to
try it free make sure you click on that
link so that you can actually see for
yourself what I'm saying in the meantime
I'll let you try some of it right now
alright so to master the piano you have
to master the keys but before you master
the keys you got to master your regular
tools so what we're gonna do in a form
their god-given tools that you've been
given which are your hands all right
you're going to need to use these things
to be able to duplicate all the things
that you need or all the sounds that you
hear so what I'm going to do I'm going
to let you hear it and you're going to
get an explanation from any commuting
system this is from CD 1 probably about
five minutes in all right so listen up
here we go
you